docs: Update feed doc (#427)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Reactive/Reactive.05-state.md

# State

> Unlike a _feed_ a `IState<T>`, as its name suggest, is state full. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike a _feed_ an `IState<T>`, as its name suggests, is state-full. 
```

> While a _feed_ is just a query of a stream of _data_, a _state_ also implies a current value (a.k.a. the state of the application) which can be accessed and updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While a _feed_ is just a query of a stream of _data_, a _state_ also implies a current value (a.k.a. the state of the application) that can be accessed and updated.
```

There are some noticeable differences with a _feed_:
* When subscribing to a state, the currently loaded value is going to be replayed.

> * There is a [`Update`](#update) method which allows you to change the current value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There is a [`Update`](#update) method that allows you to change the current value.
```

> * _States_ are attached to a owner and share the same lifetime of that owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _States_ are attached to an owner and share the same lifetime as that owner.
```

{
	while (!ct.IsCancellationRequested)
	{
		yield return await _locationService.GetCurrentCity(ct);
		await Task.Delay(TimeSpan.FromMinutes(15), ct);
	}
}
```

### Create
This gives you the ability to create your own _state_ by dealing directly with _messages_.

> This is designed for advanced usage and should probably not be used directly in apps.

```csharp
public IState<string> City => State.Create(this, GetCurrentCity);

public async IAsyncEnumerable<Message<string>> GetCurrentCity([EnumeratorCancellation] CancellationToken ct = default)
{
	var message = Message<string>.Initial;
	var city = Option<string>.Undefined();
	var error = default(Exception);
	while (!ct.IsCancellationRequested)
	{
		try
		{
			city = await _locationService.GetCurrentCity(ct);
			error = default;
		}
		catch (Exception ex)
		{
			error = ex;
		}

		yield return message = message.With().Data(city).Error(error);
		await Task.Delay(TimeSpan.FromHours(1), ct);
	}
}
```

## Update: How to update a state
The _state_ is designed to allow to respect the [ACID properties](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID).

> This means that all update methods are requesting a delegate which accepts the current value to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that all update methods are requesting a delegate that accepts the current value to update.
```

This makes sure that you are working with the latest version of the data.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The provided delegate might be invoke more than once in case of concurrent updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The provided delegate might be invoked more than once in case of concurrent updates.
```

> It must be a [pure function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pure_function) (i.e. it must not alter anything else than the provided data).

### UpdateValue
This allows you to update the value only of the state.

```csharp
public IState<string> City => State<string>.Empty(this);

public async ValueTask SetCurrent(CancellationToken ct)
{
	var city = await _locationService.GetCurrentCity(ct);
	await City.UpdateValue(_ => city, ct);
}
```

### Set

> For value types and string, you also have an `Set` **which does not ensure the respect of the ACID properties**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For value types and strings, you also have a `Set` **which does not ensure the respect of the ACID properties**.
```
